# CS-370-Current-Emerging-Trends

What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
The code that was given to me included the Game Experience and the Treasure Maze files and I was given the Treasure Hunt Game code as well but it was not fully complete. The Treasure Hunt Game file included the setup with the imports, the maze array, and it had multiple set ups as well. The main portion that needed to be completed is the deep Q learning portion which involved creating the epoch sequence as well as calling multiple different functions that give the epoch choices and other functions as well. It also goes through a loop to determine its current state and make sure that the game is not over. After that the episode is recored based on the previous state, action, reward, enviroment state, and game status. Then the nueral netwrok model is trained and the loss is evaluated. Then based on if the win rate is above a threshold and the model passes the completion check then that epoch is the correct. Then the system prints that winning epoch. 

What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
When I first heard of computer scientist I always thought that they just write code that produces different webpages or programs. After some time working on some of the problems they experience I understand that a computer scientist does much more than just write code. They must interpret what people want and they must also design intricate systems that can be understood and used by people. They create systems that involve user interactions and displays that people use in their everydays lives. The are responsible for more than just creating code, they create almost everything we use and they are responsible for the growth of many fields of technology as well. 

How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
Since I began working towards a degree in computer scientist my approach to problems has been changed to be much more centered around the user. Previously I would have a problem and I would think of solving the problem as quickly and efficiently as possible. Now if I have a problem then I think of solutions that would be efficient, secure, and work much more smoothly. I would also try to layout potential solutions and how they would function, this allows me to visualize potential solutions and have notes to come back to. 

What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
Being a computer scientist and creating stuff that many users use and even organizations use I must make sure that my ethical responsibilities are aligned correctly. With many personal information passes through the system I have to make sure that there information is not compromised and that we can be trusted to keep their information safe. We must also be transparent in the information they give us and not to munipulate their information or preferences. 
